docs/resources/array_azure.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cbs_array_azure Resource - terraform-provider-cbs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# cbs_array_azure Resource

Allows the deployment and management of a Cloud Block Store instance on Azure. The instance is deployed as an Azure Managed Application.

The instance is deployed at Purity version 6.1.8.

Refer to the [deployment guide](https://support.purestorage.com/FlashArray/PurityFA/Cloud_Block_Store/Cloud_Block_Store_Deployment_and_Configuration_Guide_for_Azure) for information on how to configure the Azure environment for the CBS instance.

~>Along with the infrastructure components defined in the deployment guide, an [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/key-vault/)
is required to deploy Cloud Block Store in Azure using Terraform. An existing Key Vault may be used or a new
one can be created for the array. Multiple arrays may reuse the same Key Vault. Any Azure account
that wishes to use Terraform to perform management operations on the array must be granted `Get`,
`Set`, `Delete`, `List`, and `Recover` permissions on secrets within the Key Vault. All secrets created
or accessed by the CBS Terraform Provider will use a `cbs-` prefix. An example Key Vault creation using the
`azurerm_key_vault` resource from the [azurerm provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs)
is shown below.

~>In order to set up long term management of new arrays, the provider must obtain access to the array
during deployment in order to obtain management credentials. In order to accomplish this, the provider
must be supplied a private SSH key, either a file path to the key with the `pureuser_private_key_path`
parameter or the key text itself with the `pureuser_private_key` parameter. The management credentials
are stored in the Azure Key Vault that is specified by the `key_vault_id` parameter (see the above
note for more information about the key vault). To retrieve the credentials, the provider requires
access to the management port of the array, and therefore the machine running Terraform *must* be
able to access the management subnet used for the array.

~>Updates are currently not supported for this resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
// retrieves information about the configuration of the azurerm provider
// The client configuration used for the "cbs" provider must match the client configuration used
// for the "azurerm" provider, otherwise the "cbs" provider will not be able to access the key vault.
data "azurerm_client_config" "client_config" {}

// Key Vault name must be globally unique
resource "random_id" "vault_id" {
    byte_length = 8
}

resource "azurerm_key_vault" "cbs_key_vault" {
    name                        = "cbs-${random_id.vault_id.hex}"
    location                    = "location_xxxx"
    resource_group_name         = "resource_yyyy"
    tenant_id                   = data.azurerm_client_config.client_config.tenant_id

    sku_name = "standard"

    access_policy {
        tenant_id          = data.azurerm_client_config.client_config.tenant_id
        object_id          = data.azurerm_client_config.client_config.object_id
        secret_permissions = ["Get", "Set", "Delete", "List", "Recover"]
  }
}

resource "cbs_array_azure" "azure_instance" {

    array_name = "terraform-example-instance"

    location = "location_xxxx"
    resource_group_name = "resource_xxxx"
    license_key = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx"
    log_sender_domain = "example-company.org"
    alert_recipients = ["admin1@example-company.org", "admin2@example-company.org"]
    array_model = "V10MUR1"
    zone = 1

    key_vault_id = azurerm_key_vault.cbs_key_vault.id

    pureuser_private_key_path = "/path/to/private_key"

    virtual_network_id = "/subscriptions/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx/resourceGroups/mock_resource_group_name/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/xxxxxxxx",

    management_subnet = "SN-xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    system_subnet = "SN-xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    iscsi_subnet = "SN-xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    replication_subnet = "SN-xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"

    jit_approval {
        approvers {
              groups = ["group_xxxx"]
        }
    }
}
```


## Argument Reference

- `alert_recipients` (Optional) - List of email addresses to receive alerts.
- `array_model` (Required) - CBS array size to launch. The possible values are `V10MUR1` or `V20MUR1`.
- `array_name` (Required) - Name of the array, and the name of the managed application.
- `iscsi_subnet` (Required) - Subnet containing the iSCSI interfaces on the array.
- `jit_approval` (Required) - A Just In Time remote access configuration block. See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--jit_approval).
- `key_vault_id` (Required) - Key Vault where provider stores sensitive information.
- `license_key` (Required) - Pure Storage-provided license key.
- `location` (Required) - Azure location in which to deploy the array.
- `log_sender_domain` (Required) - Domain name used to determine how CBS logs are parsed and treated by Pure Storage Support and Escalations.
- `management_subnet` (Required) - Subnet containing the management interfaces on the array.
- `plan` (Optional) - A managed application plan configuration block. See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--plan).
- `pureuser_private_key_path` (Optional) - File path of the private key to enable SSH access to the controllers. You must specify one `pureuser_private_key_path` or one `pureuser_private_key`.
- `pureuser_private_key` (Optional) - Text content of the private key to enable SSH access to the controllers. You must specify one `pureuser_private_key_path` or one `pureuser_private_key`.
- `replication_subnet` (Required) - Subnet containing the replication interfaces on the array.
- `resource_group_name` (Required) - Name of the resource group in which to deploy the managed application.
- `system_subnet` (Required) - Subnet for the system interface of the Array.
- `tags` (Optional) - A list of tags to apply to all resources in the managed application.
- `virtual_network_id` (Required) - The ID of the virtual network that contains the network interfaces of the array.
- `zone` (Required) - The Availability Zone within the deployment location.


<a id="nestedblock--jit_approval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jit_approval`

JIT is always enabled in manual mode for CBS instances. Users are able to specify the groups that
can approve JIT access requests as the maximum duration of JIT access requests.

- `approvers` (Required) - A JIT approvers configuration block. See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--jit_approval--approvers).
- `activation_maximum_duration` (Optional) - The maximum possible duration of a JIT access request. The possible values are
`PT1H`, `PT2H`, `PT3H`, `PT4H`, `PT5H`, `PT6H`, `PT7H`, and `PT8H`. Defaults to `PT8H`.


<a id="nestedblock--jit_approval--approvers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jit_approval.approvers`

- `groups` (Required) - A list of Azure Active Directory groups that enable their users to approve JIT access requests.


<a id="nestedblock--plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan`

- `name` (Required) - Specifies the name of the plan from the marketplace.
- `product` (Required) - Specifies the product of the plan from the marketplace.
- `publisher` (Required) - Specifies the publisher of the plan.
- `version` (Required) - Specifies the version of the plan from the marketplace.

## Attribute Reference

- `application_name` - The name of the managed application.
- `ct0_name` - The name of the controller ct0 instance.
- `ct1_name` - The name of the controller ct1 instance.
- `iscsi_endpoint_ct0` - iSCSI IP address and port of the ct0 instance.
- `iscsi_endpoint_ct1` - iSCSI IP address and port of the ct1 instance.
- `managed_resource_group_name` - The name of the managed resource group of the managed application.
- `management_endpoint` - Management IP address of the CBS instance.
- `management_endpoint_ct0` - Management IP address of the ct0 instance.
- `management_endpoint_ct1` - Management IP address of the ct1 instance.
- `replication_endpoint_ct0` - Replication IP address of the ct0 instance.
- `replication_endpoint_ct1` - Replication IP address of the ct1 instance.

Commit message:

v0.7.0 release
Upgrade cbs_array_azure to 6.3.5 and cbs_array_aws to 6.2.13,
mark jit_approval deprecated in favor of jit_approval_group_object_ids

docs/resources/array_azure.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cbs_array_azure Resource - terraform-provider-cbs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# cbs_array_azure Resource

Allows the deployment and management of a Cloud Block Store instance on Azure. The instance is deployed as an Azure Managed Application.

The instance is deployed at Purity version 6.3.5.

Refer to the [deployment guide](https://support.purestorage.com/FlashArray/PurityFA/Cloud_Block_Store/Cloud_Block_Store_Deployment_and_Configuration_Guide_for_Azure) for information on how to configure the Azure environment for the CBS instance.

~>Along with the infrastructure components defined in the deployment guide, an [Azure Key Vault](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/key-vault/)
is required to deploy Cloud Block Store in Azure using Terraform. An existing Key Vault may be used or a new
one can be created for the array. Multiple arrays may reuse the same Key Vault. Any Azure account
that wishes to use Terraform to perform management operations on the array must be granted `Get`,
`Set`, `Delete`, `List`, and `Recover` permissions on secrets within the Key Vault. All secrets created
or accessed by the CBS Terraform Provider will use a `cbs-` prefix. An example Key Vault creation using the
`azurerm_key_vault` resource from the [azurerm provider](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs)
is shown below.

~>In order to set up long term management of new arrays, the provider must obtain access to the array
during deployment in order to obtain management credentials. In order to accomplish this, the provider
must be supplied a private SSH key, either a file path to the key with the `pureuser_private_key_path`
parameter or the key text itself with the `pureuser_private_key` parameter. The management credentials
are stored in the Azure Key Vault that is specified by the `key_vault_id` parameter (see the above
note for more information about the key vault). To retrieve the credentials, the provider requires
access to the management port of the array, and therefore the machine running Terraform *must* be
able to access the management subnet used for the array.

~>Updates are currently not supported for this resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
// retrieves information about the configuration of the azurerm provider
// The client configuration used for the "cbs" provider must match the client configuration used
// for the "azurerm" provider, otherwise the "cbs" provider will not be able to access the key vault.
data "azurerm_client_config" "client_config" {}

// Key Vault name must be globally unique
resource "random_id" "vault_id" {
    byte_length = 8
}

resource "azurerm_key_vault" "cbs_key_vault" {
    name                        = "cbs-${random_id.vault_id.hex}"
    location                    = "location_xxxx"
    resource_group_name         = "resource_yyyy"
    tenant_id                   = data.azurerm_client_config.client_config.tenant_id

    sku_name = "standard"

    access_policy {
        tenant_id          = data.azurerm_client_config.client_config.tenant_id
        object_id          = data.azurerm_client_config.client_config.object_id
        secret_permissions = ["Get", "Set", "Delete", "List", "Recover"]
  }
}

resource "cbs_array_azure" "azure_instance" {

    array_name = "terraform-example-instance"

    location = "location_xxxx"
    resource_group_name = "resource_xxxx"
    license_key = "xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx"
    log_sender_domain = "example-company.org"
    alert_recipients = ["admin1@example-company.org", "admin2@example-company.org"]
    array_model = "V10MUR1"
    zone = 1

    key_vault_id = azurerm_key_vault.cbs_key_vault.id

    pureuser_private_key_path = "/path/to/private_key"

    virtual_network_id = "/subscriptions/xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxx/resourceGroups/mock_resource_group_name/providers/Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/xxxxxxxx",

    management_subnet = "SN-xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    system_subnet = "SN-xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    iscsi_subnet = "SN-xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"
    replication_subnet = "SN-xxxxxxxxxxxxxx"

    jit_approval_group_object_ids = ["xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"]
}
```


## Argument Reference

- `alert_recipients` (Optional) - List of email addresses to receive alerts.
- `array_model` (Required) - CBS array size to launch. The possible values are `V10MUR1` or `V20MUR1`.
- `array_name` (Required) - Name of the array, and the name of the managed application.
- `iscsi_subnet` (Required) - Subnet containing the iSCSI interfaces on the array.
- `jit_approval` (Optional, **Deprecated**) - A Just In Time remote access configuration block. One of `jit_approval` or `jit_approval_group_object_ids` is required. See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--jit_approval).
- `jit_approval_group_object_ids` (Optional) - A list of Azure group object IDs for people who are allowed to approve JIT requests. When used the maximum possible duration of a JIT access request will be set to `PT8H`. One of `jit_approval` or `jit_approval_group_object_ids` is required.
- `key_vault_id` (Required) - Key Vault where provider stores sensitive information.
- `license_key` (Required) - Pure Storage-provided license key.
- `location` (Required) - Azure location in which to deploy the array.
- `log_sender_domain` (Required) - Domain name used to determine how CBS logs are parsed and treated by Pure Storage Support and Escalations.
- `management_subnet` (Required) - Subnet containing the management interfaces on the array.
- `plan` (Optional) - A managed application plan configuration block. See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--plan).
- `pureuser_private_key_path` (Optional) - File path of the private key to enable SSH access to the controllers. You must specify one `pureuser_private_key_path` or one `pureuser_private_key`.
- `pureuser_private_key` (Optional) - Text content of the private key to enable SSH access to the controllers. You must specify one `pureuser_private_key_path` or one `pureuser_private_key`.
- `replication_subnet` (Required) - Subnet containing the replication interfaces on the array.
- `resource_group_name` (Required) - Name of the resource group in which to deploy the managed application.
- `system_subnet` (Required) - Subnet for the system interface of the Array.
- `tags` (Optional) - A list of tags to apply to all resources in the managed application.
- `virtual_network_id` (Required) - The ID of the virtual network that contains the network interfaces of the array.
- `zone` (Required) - The Availability Zone within the deployment location.


<a id="nestedblock--jit_approval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jit_approval`

JIT is always enabled in manual mode for CBS instances. Users are able to specify the groups that
can approve JIT access requests as the maximum duration of JIT access requests.

- `approvers` (Required) - A JIT approvers configuration block. See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--jit_approval--approvers).
- `activation_maximum_duration` (Optional) - The maximum possible duration of a JIT access request. The possible values are
`PT1H`, `PT2H`, `PT3H`, `PT4H`, `PT5H`, `PT6H`, `PT7H`, and `PT8H`. Defaults to `PT8H`.


<a id="nestedblock--jit_approval--approvers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `jit_approval.approvers`

- `groups` (Required) - A list of Azure Active Directory groups that enable their users to approve JIT access requests.


<a id="nestedblock--plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan`

- `name` (Required) - Specifies the name of the plan from the marketplace.
- `product` (Required) - Specifies the product of the plan from the marketplace.
- `publisher` (Required) - Specifies the publisher of the plan.
- `version` (Required) - Specifies the version of the plan from the marketplace.

## Attribute Reference

- `application_name` - The name of the managed application.
- `ct0_name` - The name of the controller ct0 instance.
- `ct1_name` - The name of the controller ct1 instance.
- `iscsi_endpoint_ct0` - iSCSI IP address and port of the ct0 instance.
- `iscsi_endpoint_ct1` - iSCSI IP address and port of the ct1 instance.
- `managed_resource_group_name` - The name of the managed resource group of the managed application.
- `management_endpoint` - Management IP address of the CBS instance.
- `management_endpoint_ct0` - Management IP address of the ct0 instance.
- `management_endpoint_ct1` - Management IP address of the ct1 instance.
- `replication_endpoint_ct0` - Replication IP address of the ct0 instance.
- `replication_endpoint_ct1` - Replication IP address of the ct1 instance.
