---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cbs_fusion_sec_azure Resource - terraform-provider-cbs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

---

# cbs_fusion_sec_azure Resource

Allows the deployment and management of a Fusion Storage Endpoint Collection instance on Azure. The instance is deployed as an Azure Managed Application.

To be used with your Cloud Block Store arrays and Pure Storage Fusion.

Refer to the [deployment guide](https://support.purestorage.com/FlashArray/PurityFA/Cloud_Block_Store/Cloud_Block_Store_Deployment_and_Configuration_Guide_for_Azure) for information on how to configure the Azure environment for the CBS instance.

~>Updates are currently not supported for this resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "cbs_fusion_sec_azure" "azure_instance" {

    fusion_sec_name = "terraform-fusion-sec-instance"

    location = "location_xxxx"
    resource_group_name = "resource_xxxx"

    load_balancer_network_rg = "xxxx"
    load_balancer_network_name = "xxxx"
    load_balancer_subnet = "xxxx"

    jit_approval_group_object_ids = ["xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx"]
}
```


## Argument Reference

- `fusion_sec_name` (Required) - Name of the Storage Endpoint Collection, and the name of the managed application.
- `location` (Required) - Azure location in which to deploy the array.
- `resource_group_name` (Required) - Name of the resource group in which to deploy the managed application.
- `load_balancer_network_rg` (Required) - The Resource Group containing the Virtual Network.
- `load_balancer_network_name` (Required) - "Name of the Virtual Network containing the SEC Load Balancer."
- `load_balancer_subnet` (Required) - Name of the Subnet containing the SEC Load Balancer.
- `jit_approval_group_object_ids` (Required) - A list of Azure group object IDs for people who are allowed to approve JIT requests. When used the maximum possible duration of a JIT access request will be set to `PT8H`.
The [azuread_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azuread/latest/docs/data-sources/group) datasource can be used to look up the group_id from the name of the group.
- `plan` (Optional) - A managed application plan configuration block. See [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--plan).
- `tags` (Optional) - A list of tags to apply to all resources in the managed application.


<a id="nestedblock--plan"></a>
### Nested Schema for `plan`

- `name` (Required) - Specifies the name of the plan from the marketplace.
- `product` (Required) - Specifies the product of the plan from the marketplace.
- `publisher` (Required) - Specifies the publisher of the plan.
- `version` (Required) - Specifies the version of the plan from the marketplace.

## Attribute Reference

- `application_name` - The name of the managed application.
- `managed_resource_group_name` - The name of the managed resource group of the managed application.
- `hmvip0` - Harbormaster IP address 0.
- `hmvip1` - Harbormaster IP address 1.
- `load_balancer_full_identity_id` - Full identify of the load balancer.
